hey guys so I am going to go over the
process real quick on how to uninjured
stir for NBA 2k13 and how to carry over
the injuries into an association if you
so please so I was open up the roster
editor by left dose and let's open up
any roster say the current roster why
not and automatically finds the offsets
now love it so on the players tab if you
go over to the right a little bit we see
injury type and injury days so if these
are not 0 that means the player is
injured with this type of injury and
they're injured for this long the type
of injury affects the overall rating and
the duration is obviously the duration
so the easy way to get rid of all of
this is to go to find and replace go
find an ID that is greater than or equal
to zero add it we want to replace injury
type and we want to be equal to zero and
we want to have injury days and equal it
to zero add both of those we can go
ahead and save this thing and we call it
on injure cuz I'm smart alright and go
ahead and hit replace all and just like
that we have all of the injuries are
completely wiped out of this roster
that's as easy as that
now let's say let's open it up again and
cancel out what we just did now let's
say I start a new Association and as you
guys know with associations when you
start a new one it wipes out all the
injuries so let's say you want to keep
the injuries for whatever reason what we
can do is go ahead and select entry type
right here let's go ahead and first make
sure that we have dumb pasting as false
not make sure that's true for that's
like that first
so we go here we grab all of the
injuries take them ctrl C to copy go
ahead and open up your spreadsheet
program of choice I use OpenOffice
because it's free go ahead and paste
that sucker in and since we have like
this and we're not using dumb pasting
you want to go ahead over here to the ID
list and select them all as well ctrl
copy paste it right next to it so here
we have all of the injuries so go down
to the bottom go ahead and select all
this ctrl C to copy it again
go back to the roster editor open up
let's just roll it up rondo new from the
blowing up the celtics video and this
does have injuries already in it but if
it didn't yeah you know what actually
let's open up no this is the only one I
have here okay nevermind so we just go
ahead and click anywhere press control
paste and you should do this only with
the roster you had you created the
Association from the saying and there
you go
now we have injuries on this beautiful
depressing Association okay the other
thing I wanted to show you guys if you
let's say want to do a custom injury the
injury type column is based on the the
numbers in the redditor there you go
redditor so if you go to your editor to
installation from last year go tutorials
NBA 2k12 it's in the 360 contents is
okay
general editing tutorial and this
tutorial tells you everything about the
redditor which is you know that's
fantastic for the redditor best not what
we're doing here if you go to
players and you go down you look for
injury type this is what each injury
does so this is how I gave in the Rondo
knew before you know Rondo was actually
out for the ACL injury in the game I
came over here and I found torn ACL
three and I assigned it to him and
that's how I gave him the custom injury
and boom I remember some cool ones as
cool as injuries can be but I don't know
I don't see it yep there it is suspended
so number 66 is a suspension 65 is a
personal reason so just in case you guys
wanted to have you know storyline save
files if you will that's the way to do
it you can customize it like that so
yeah I hope you guys learned how to do
all the fun stuff with injuries so yeah
that's about it that's pretty easy
straightforward hope you learned
something
see you in the next video